Clarify that multi-node setup can't be used with built-in services (#104)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: docs/self-hosted/kubernetes-embedded.md

  * s3.kurl.sh (required to install the kots CLI)
  * amazonaws.com (required to install the kots CLI)

> > Please note that a multi-node setup with kURL is only possible if no built-in services (postgres, minio, redis) are used.

Reviewer: Just suggesting/discussing:

- I would move this after the first paragraph in the `Configure Private Packagist Self-Hosted` section
- Not sure if we need to, but maybe stress the reason why this is not a good option too so there can be no doubt about it (ie. local file storage):
 
 ```suggestion
> Please note that the built-in services (PostgreSQL, MinIO, Redis) are meant to be used with a single-node setup only, because these options rely on local file storage.
```

Author: I think your suggestion makes sense 👍

Author: I also moved the notice under the `Configure Private Packagist Self-Hosted` section.

![Upload License](/Resources/public/img/docs/self-hosted-kubernetes/console-license.png)

#### Configure Private Packagist Self-Hosted

> > Please note that the built-in services (PostgreSQL, MinIO, Redis) are meant to be used with a single-node setup only, because these options rely on local file storage.

Author: Oh right, our Helm Chart also assumes just running on a single node.

> > Please note that the built-in services (PostgreSQL, MinIO, Redis) are meant to be used with a single-node setup only, because these options rely on local file storage.

Reviewer 2: For Helm does need to be adjusted though as people likely use a different file storage.

> > Please note that the built-in services (PostgreSQL, MinIO, Redis) are meant to be used with a single-node setup only, because these options rely on local file storage.

Author: Ok, then I'm not gonna add anything for helm.
